Alright, so it has been a while since our
very last video, so I guess we owe you guys
an apology because we've been a little bit
lazy.
But we do have a good reason.
This summer we came back to Canada not only
to get married but also to go back to school.
We just started our classes in September.
We're going to be students for the next eight
months as we complete our Bachelor of Education.
That is the reason we've been a little busy.
We've been planning lessons and teaching classes
but we're trying to get back into it, so today
we're going to be taking you to the campus.
And we're really excited to give you a tour
of our campus.
It is a beautiful campus and this has been
a big change for us going from traveling to
going back to school and even to being in
Canada.
We normally don't live in Canada.
We're used to be abroad.
What we're going to do from now on is we're
going to try to make some videos in Canada
because we want to show you what it is like
to be here.
Yep, so off we go.
We're just waiting to catch the bus, which
is free for students.
I think that is amazing.
All I have to do is show my little card and
you get to ride around town and you don't
pay a cent.
So cold!
It must be kind of shocking for you guys to
see us in our winter clothes.
Normally we're decked out in goofy backpacking
t-shirts and shorts and flip flops but now
we're all bundled up today.
I've got my toque on, I've got my thick fall
jacket on.
It is cold outside.
It was actually scheduled to snow today according
to the weatherman but that changed so now
we have blue skies.
Alright, so we are here at the Queen's University
campus and I think fall is the most beautiful
time of the year to visit.
We still have some ivy left on the limestone
buildings and the colors are starting to change.
The leaves are falling down and we are here
on a Sunday morning.
It is just really quiet and really peaceful.
One of the main reasons we've decided to come
back to school right now is because this is
the final year of the eight month Education
program in Ontario.
It is the last province in Canada that offers
this.
Every other Education program now is going
for two years and there is no way we could
hack going to school for two years.
That is why we're studying now.
Another reason we're really excited is that
we have an overseas practicum placement and
we're not going to tell you where it is but
we'll give you a little bit of a hint.
It is going to be in South America and it
is going to happen in March.
I've spotted a squirrel behind me.
He's having a snack.
Giant Maple Leafs.
And that is it for our little campus tour.
We're just going to show you a few more clips
of Kingston in the fall.